Today on this auspicious day of Rakhipurnima, we have to thank all the artists who have
really created such a marvelous, beautiful dance drama in your presence, especially to
Mr. Pawar, his wife, his daughter, you are very much obliged, plus the other artist,
and so on.
Shri Markandey Mishra, and also Baluji Shrivastava, all these people have shown very great artistic
talent today, and it's a very special day.
On this day, we all, as brothers and sisters, are sitting here to watch something so beautifully
expressed in the realm of brotherly and sisterly love.
So whatever has gone wrong or is better, we all must learn to forgive, that's important.
And the sister always forgives, we all must forgive, and we should be extremely loving
and protective, that is the Raksha for our artist who are in England.
I feel sometimes that the people who have come from abroad and who are artists in England
are to be looked after in the same way all the artists of the world must be looked after
and must be encouraged and nourished and cherished so that they take to proper divine manifestation
of divine music and drama, everything that is beautiful and pure.
So on this day, I especially would like to bless all of them for a higher ascent and
in a greater way to express themselves in full ecstasy, the joy of God's blessings on
them as artist and on the listeners and the Sahaja Yogis who are here, a very great report
with them, a great report to understand the artists are needing your help in every way
of understanding them.
They have worked very hard for ages to achieve this.
The second thing is that today is such a great day that you must accept Pawar, all the girls
of Sahaja Yoginis have to accept Him as a brother and Mrs. Pawar is the sister of
all the Sahaja Yogis and we have other artists also as brothers and I'm also very happy to
announce the engagement of His daughter, Ashaavani and also we have two great artists,
one is the son of Mr. Pawar and our, as you know, from Sahaja Yogis who dance so well,
so congratulations to Him also.
Last of all we must thank Pedro for organizing all this so well.
Despite the fact she was not well, they danced so well, put their heart into it and they
made us enjoy it.
Now there's a program on the 10th they're having and I hope you'll make it convenient
to see that program which will be very beautifully done, he's also getting more artists from
Glasgow.
I hope all of you will make it convenient and ask your other friends to come in to understand
other art forms also.
You have to understand and appreciate other art forms.
Now you have tap dancing but you can see tap dancing is nothing compared to this.
You can see it, one must admit, there's nothing to feel bad about it.
You are good at other things but they are good at certain things so we should appreciate
good of everyone and every art and this is what it is that I want you to understand that
if you have to be universal you must have an universal mind to understand all that is
beautifully created in the whole universe unless and until you understand that you cannot
grow, you cannot grow wider.
So the appreciation of every type of art form is to be appreciated, whether it is Indian,
English, American or even African, all sorts of art forms which are divine must be appreciated.
This is the only condition that they should be divine, that's the only condition we have
to apply and by God's grace I'm sure everything will work out very well and one day we will
all have a nice report with them as brothers and sisters as we today we have done it on
such an auspicious day.
May God bless you, all the blessings on you.